So the first thing that you can do is
don't trust anything we say. Don't trust
a word of it. Make sure that it's yours.
Make sure that it works for you. So
design experiments where you can say,
"Oh, if what they said is true, then
this should work." Or, "Let me
experiment what it's like to be with
generosity by being generous every day
or what is it like to be in gratitude by
experimenting with gratitude every day."
So your job is to take the information
that you get here and apply it to your
life to see if it works for you or how
it works for you. So that's the first
thing that you can do. The second thing
that you can do is you can enjoy the
process. If you don't enjoy the process
of transformation, you're going to stop
doing the process of transformation. If
you don't enjoy working out, you're
going to stop working out. So your job
is to figure out how to do this work in
a way that you're enjoying it. a way
that actually feeds you, that fulfills
you, or you'll just stop doing it. It'll
become a burden. The third thing that
you can do to make this work most
effective is instead of trying to hold
on to all of your learnings, be grateful
for your learnings. So, typically what
happens is you'll be watching a video,
you'll have an epiphany. You're like,
"Oh, great." And then, "Oh, I can't
forget." And you write it down or you
try to remember it or you'll you'll put
it in a to-do list so you can remind
yourself not to forget it in two or 3
weeks or whatever it is. Instead of
doing that, when you have the epiphany,
just be grateful for the epiphany. And
what the gratitude does is it allows it
to set in your body. It puts it into
your body. Gratitude opens you up so
that the realization can actually settle
in. So a lot of times we think that
transformation happens from the head
that the understanding is what's going
to change it. But when you think about
how many people understand that they
should lose weight or understand that
they should work out and they don't. Or
how many people understand they
shouldn't talk as much but they do. The
intellect understands it but the body
doesn't. So when you have the epiphany,
let your body understand it. Let your
nervous system understand it. Let your
emotions understand it. And the best way
to do that is to actually take a moment
and be grateful like, "Oh, oh, I'm so
glad that I just saw that." and that
will allow it to sit in your body in a
different way and it's much less likely
that you're going to forget it because
you're not just holding it here, you're
holding it in your whole system. So,
those are three things that you can do
while you're using this channel.
Otherwise, it's pretty easy. We have all
sorts of playlists. You can start with
the starting playlist. You can go
around, find stuff that you like, that
speaks to you. But besides that, it's
really make it yours. Do it as an
experiment. Enjoy yourself and make sure
that when you see something, have
gratitude instead of trying to hold on
to it.
[Music]